docs: improve contributing section (#980)
ansys/pyansys-geometry: doc/source/contributing.rst

  trim trailing whitespace.................................................Passed
  Add License Headers......................................................Passed
  Validate GitHub Workflows................................................Passed

Build the documentation
-----------------------

.. note::

> To build the documentation, you must have the Geometry Service

Author: ```suggestion
    To build the documentation, you must have the Geometry Service
```

>   In order to build the documentation, you must have the Geometry Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the documentation, you must have the Geometry Service
```

>   installed and running on your machine. The documentation is built using
>   the Geometry Service to generate examples. It is also recommended that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  installed and running on your machine because it is used to generate the
  examples in the documentation. It is also recommended that the
```

  service is running as a Docker container.

  If you do not have the Geometry Service installed, you can still build the

>   documentation, but the examples are not generated. In order to build the
>   documentation without the examples, define the following environment variable::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  documentation, but the examples are not generated. To build the
  documentation without the examples, define the following environment variable::
```

      # On Linux or macOS
      export BUILD_EXAMPLES=false

      # On Windows CMD
      set BUILD_EXAMPLES=false

      # On Windows PowerShell
      $env:BUILD_EXAMPLES="false"

> To build the documentation locally, it is necessary to install the
> documentation dependencies. Run this command::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the documentation locally, you must run this command to install the
documentation dependencies::
```

  pip install -e .[doc]

Then, navigate to the ``docs`` directory and run this command::

  # On Linux or macOS
  make html

  # On Windows
  ./make.bat html

The documentation is built in the ``docs/_build/html`` directory.

You can clean the documentation build by running this command::

  # On Linux or macOS
  make clean

  # On Windows
  ./make.bat clean

Run tests
---------

PyAnsys Geometry uses `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/>`_ for testing.

> Pre-requisites
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisites
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```
